we're jars on a proving ground it's 40
to 43 degrees and the temperature today
we're here testing the Everest for
testing here because we've got the
temperature we need we've got the fuels
we need we've got the tracks and the
facilities that we need but this is real
world validation basically when we're
not here to baby cars we're heater give
them worst-case scenario
temperature altitude all those things
affect how the engine performs the
engines most stressed when it's real
it's really dry would probably almost
reach the point of overheating a couple
hundred times a day the engines got a
self protecting strategy in onboard so
the torque will reduce when we get to
that point so we basically push it past
the maximum and then we'll give it a bit
of a cool-down and then go again
carousel Dan all-wheel drive and
rear-wheel drive configurations and so
it has to have the engine setup to make
me the most of the package in the
availability of space so in order to
give the requirements that the customer
needed the engine and the intake system
and the exhaust system is all unique to
this vehicle which then all feeds into
what we do in the engine and how we
calibrate it we use things like this a
dinette trailer to load up the vehicle
as much as possible in this particular
test we're testing the engine at maximum
stress this is basically like towing a
maximum load so you're towing something
so heavy or up a hill that the car is
actually slowing down you have to pull
it down here to get it up a hill
fuels vary wildly and all these fuels
have a different ratio which they burn
they're so different stoichiometric
ratio and so we need to make sure the
engine can cope and operate to up top
term under any conditions this means we
got to put the car through a lot of
different fuels with a lot of different
testing we do that here in Arizona
especially because the heat and cold
have very wildly different effects on
how the different fuels behaving each
other is the balance of our economy
smoothness quietness they're all the
things that we're looking at in terms of
what engine and how we calibrate that
engines to best suit the customer what
we put them through is worse and what
customers will ever do we need to make
sure that when the customer buys one of
their products it's gonna last so in
essence if you can do it we have to have
done it first
you